{Release} Upgrade to Azure CLI 2.10.1 (#14686)
Azure/azure-cli: src/azure-cli/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

2.10.1
++++++

**App Service**

> * Fixes # 9887 webapp and functionapp, support assigning/removing user managed identity (#14233)
> * : Fix #1382, #14055: Updating error messages for az webapp create and az webapp config container set (#14633)
> * :  Fix az webapp up default ASP selection logic when --plan parameter is not provided (#14673)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix # 9887 webapp and functionapp, support assigning/removing user managed identity (#14233)
* Fix #1382, #14055: Update error messages for az webapp create and az webapp config container set (#14633)
* `az webapp up`: Fix default ASP selection logic when --plan parameter is not provided (#14673)
```
